README.md, before:

## react-native-root-siblings [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/react-native-root-siblings.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/js/react-native-root-siblings)
---

Require react-native version >= 0.47

Add sibling elements after your app root element.
The created sibling elements are above the rest of your app elements.
This can be used to create a `Modal` component or something should be over your app.

# BREAKING CHANGE
From 3.0 the default style has been removed from the element.
https://github.com/magicismight/react-native-root-siblings/commit/75b1f65502f41a5ecad0d17fd8d6ebb400365928

### Add it to your project

Run `npm install react-native-root-siblings --save`

### USAGE
This library can add element above the root app component registered by `AppRegistry.registerComponent`.

1. Create sibling element

```js
let sibling = new RootSiblings(<View
    style={{top: 0,right: 0,bottom: 0,left: 0,backgroundColor: 'red'}}
/>);
```

This will create a View element cover all of your app elements,
and returns a sibling instance.
You can create a sibling anywhere inside your react native code.

2. Update sibling element

```js
sibling.update(<View
    style={{top: 10,right: 10,bottom: 10,left: 10,backgroundColor: 'blue'}}
/>);
```

This will update the sibling instance to a View with blue backgroundColor and cover the screen by `10` offset distance.

3. Destroy sibling element

```js
sibling.destroy();
```

This will remove the sibling element.

### EXAMPLE

```js
'use strict';
import React, {
    AppRegistry,
    View,
    Component,
    TouchableHighlight,
    StyleSheet,
    Text
} from 'react-native';
import Dimensions from 'Dimensions';

// Import library there,it will wrap everything registered by AppRegistry.registerComponent
// And add or remove other elements after the root component
import RootSiblings from 'react-native-root-siblings';

var id = 0;
var elements = [];
class SiblingsExample extends Component{
    addSibling = () => {
        let sibling = new RootSiblings(<View
            style={[styles.sibling, {top: id * 20}]}
        >
            <Text>I`m No.{id}</Text>
        </View>);
        id++;
        elements.push(sibling);
    };

    destroySibling = () => {
        let lastSibling = elements.pop();
        lastSibling && lastSibling.destroy();
    };

    updateSibling = () => {
        let lastId = elements.length - 1;
        lastId >= 0 && elements[lastId].update(<View
            style={[styles.sibling, {top: lastId * 20}]}
        >
            <Text>I`m No.{lastId} : {Math.random()}</Text>
        </View>);
    };

    render() {
        return <View style={styles.container}>
            <TouchableHighlight
                style={styles.button}
                onPress={this.addSibling}
            >
                <Text style={styles.buttonText}>Add element</Text>
            </TouchableHighlight>
            <TouchableHighlight
                style={styles.button}
                onPress={this.destroySibling}
            >
                <Text style={styles.buttonText}>Destroy element</Text>
            </TouchableHighlight>
            <TouchableHighlight
                style={styles.button}
                onPress={this.updateSibling}
            >
                <Text style={styles.buttonText}>Update element</Text>
            </TouchableHighlight>
        </View>;
    }
}

AppRegistry.registerComponent('SiblingsExample', () => SiblingsExample);

var styles = StyleSheet.create({
    container: {
        flex: 1,
        alignItems: 'center',
        justifyContent: 'center',
        backgroundColor: 'green',
    },
    button: {
        borderRadius: 4,
        padding: 10,
        marginLeft: 10,
        marginRight: 10,
        backgroundColor: '#ccc',
        borderColor: '#333',
        borderWidth: 1,
    },
    buttonText: {
        color: '#000'
    },
    sibling: {
        left: 0,
        height: 20,
        width: Dimensions.get('window').width / 2,
        backgroundColor: 'blue',
        opacity: 0.5
    }
});

```

![screen shoot](./Examples/screen-shoot.gif)

### RUN EXAMPLE

1. fork this repository
2. change dictionary to `Examples`
3. run `npm i`

Commit message:

Add breaking change README for 4.x

README.md, after:

## react-native-root-siblings [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/react-native-root-siblings.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/js/react-native-root-siblings)
---

Require react-native version >= 0.47

Add sibling elements after your app root element.
The created sibling elements are above the rest of your app elements.
This can be used to create a `Modal` component or something should be over your app.

# BREAKING CHANGE

## 4.x
From 4.0 the redux context injection has been removed from the main module specified by package.json.
If you want to pass redux store into sibling content, you have to make some changes in your import code.

Change:
```
import Silbings from 'react-native-root-siblings';
``` 

Into:
```
import Siblings from 'react-native-root-siblings/src/Siblings.redux'
```

## 3.x
From 3.0 the default style has been removed from the element.
https://github.com/magicismight/react-native-root-siblings/commit/75b1f65502f41a5ecad0d17fd8d6ebb400365928

### Add it to your project

Run `npm install react-native-root-siblings --save`

### USAGE
This library can add element above the root app component registered by `AppRegistry.registerComponent`.

1. Create sibling element

```js
let sibling = new RootSiblings(<View
    style={{top: 0,right: 0,bottom: 0,left: 0,backgroundColor: 'red'}}
/>);
```

This will create a View element cover all of your app elements,
and returns a sibling instance.
You can create a sibling anywhere inside your react native code.

2. Update sibling element

```js
sibling.update(<View
    style={{top: 10,right: 10,bottom: 10,left: 10,backgroundColor: 'blue'}}
/>);
```

This will update the sibling instance to a View with blue backgroundColor and cover the screen by `10` offset distance.

3. Destroy sibling element

```js
sibling.destroy();
```

This will remove the sibling element.

### EXAMPLE

```js
'use strict';
import React, {
    AppRegistry,
    View,
    Component,
    TouchableHighlight,
    StyleSheet,
    Text
} from 'react-native';
import Dimensions from 'Dimensions';

// Import library there,it will wrap everything registered by AppRegistry.registerComponent
// And add or remove other elements after the root component
import RootSiblings from 'react-native-root-siblings';

var id = 0;
var elements = [];
class SiblingsExample extends Component{
    addSibling = () => {
        let sibling = new RootSiblings(<View
            style={[styles.sibling, {top: id * 20}]}
        >
            <Text>I`m No.{id}</Text>
        </View>);
        id++;
        elements.push(sibling);
    };

    destroySibling = () => {
        let lastSibling = elements.pop();
        lastSibling && lastSibling.destroy();
    };

    updateSibling = () => {
        let lastId = elements.length - 1;
        lastId >= 0 && elements[lastId].update(<View
            style={[styles.sibling, {top: lastId * 20}]}
        >
            <Text>I`m No.{lastId} : {Math.random()}</Text>
        </View>);
    };

    render() {
        return <View style={styles.container}>
            <TouchableHighlight
                style={styles.button}
                onPress={this.addSibling}
            >
                <Text style={styles.buttonText}>Add element</Text>
            </TouchableHighlight>
            <TouchableHighlight
                style={styles.button}
                onPress={this.destroySibling}
            >
                <Text style={styles.buttonText}>Destroy element</Text>
            </TouchableHighlight>
            <TouchableHighlight
                style={styles.button}
                onPress={this.updateSibling}
            >
                <Text style={styles.buttonText}>Update element</Text>
            </TouchableHighlight>
        </View>;
    }
}

AppRegistry.registerComponent('SiblingsExample', () => SiblingsExample);

var styles = StyleSheet.create({
    container: {
        flex: 1,
        alignItems: 'center',
        justifyContent: 'center',
        backgroundColor: 'green',
    },
    button: {
        borderRadius: 4,
        padding: 10,
        marginLeft: 10,
        marginRight: 10,
        backgroundColor: '#ccc',
        borderColor: '#333',
        borderWidth: 1,
    },
    buttonText: {
        color: '#000'
    },
    sibling: {
        left: 0,
        height: 20,
        width: Dimensions.get('window').width / 2,
        backgroundColor: 'blue',
        opacity: 0.5
    }
});

```

![screen shoot](./Examples/screen-shoot.gif)

### RUN EXAMPLE

1. fork this repository
2. change dictionary to `Examples`
3. run `npm i`
